Update to Android SDK 35. (#236)
learningequality/kolibri-installer-android: README.md

1. Setup a Python virtual environment in which to do development. The Kolibri developer documentation has a [How To guide for doing this with pyenv](https://kolibri-dev.readthedocs.io/en/develop/howtos/pyenv_virtualenv.html) but any Python virtualenv should work.

> 2. Ensure you have all [necessary packages for Python for Android](https://python-for-android.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart/#installing-dependencies). Ensure you install java version 1.17, `sudo apt install openjdk-17-jdk` ,  and set it as the default java version: `sudo update-alternatives --auto javac` and `sudo update-alternatives --auto java`.

Reviewer: This link is out of date, it should be 
> https://python-for-android.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html#installing-prerequisites

Reviewer: (`openjdk-17-jdk` is the correct version aligned with that documentation link)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Ensure you have all [necessary packages for Python for Android](https://python-for-android.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html#installing-prerequisites). Ensure you install java version 1.17, `sudo apt install openjdk-17-jdk` ,  and set it as the default java version: `sudo update-alternatives --auto javac` and `sudo update-alternatives --auto java`.
```
